Update spaces-overview.md (#817)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/spaces-overview.md

* `SPACE_REPO_NAME`: i-like-flan
* `SPACE_TITLE`: I Like Flan (specified in the README file)
* `SPACE_ID`: `osanseviero/i-like-flan`

## Clone the Repository

> You can easily clone the repo in your Space. Start cloning by clicking on the bullet list dropdown in the top right of your Space page. Select "Clone repository" and then you'll be able to follow the instructions to clone the Space repo to your local machine using HTTPS or SSH. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can easily clone the repo in your Space. Start cloning by clicking on the dropdown menu in the top right of your Space page. Select "Clone repository", and then you'll be able to follow the instructions to clone the Space repo to your local machine using HTTPS or SSH. 
```

> ![Spaces Clone Repo](https://github.com/huggingface/hub-docs/assets/83347449/dba41adb-134f-48ef-8de3-36a811c9c883)

Reviewer: These images need to be in https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/tree/main/hub and should be both in dark mode and light mode. See https://github.com/huggingface/hub-docs/blob/main/docs/hub/doi.md?plain=1#L32C1-L35 as an example

Author: Added!
